Hi
Congratulations on your new phone
We created this personalized video to help you track your order and get your phone set up
Your new Samsung is on its way
It will be shipped on 11 and you can check your delivery status at any time
By simply going to att.com/checkmyorder and entering your wireless number or order number
While you are waiting for your new phone to arrive, download the AT&T mobile transfer app to your old phone
so you can easily transfer all your contacts photos & videos from your old phone to your new one
Once you receive your new phone all you have to do is activate it. Just go to att.com/activations
Select the activate your device option and complete the simple online form.
To learn how to use your phone and all its features check out our device-HowTo Center at att.com/tutorial.
And dont forget to shop the AT&T online store.
To check for available discounts and the latest accessories login to my AT&T and select shop wireless.
If you dont have a my AT&T login we should have to register at att.com.
Also we should download the myAT&T mobile app from your devices appstore to monitor your account right from your  smartphone.
Thanks for choosing AT&T.
You can also find this information in the separate shipment confirmation email we send you.
To check your order status download our mobile transfer app learn more about activating your device
or visit our how to center just click the buttons on your screen